Friday 9/18/92 Basketball Meeting


Included is a document which has been delivered to Roger which pertains
to issues he needs to address with the NBA.


Current Issues:

1.  Roger has talked further with the NBA about the issues listed on the
    Roger document.  Progress seems good on all fronts except Jordan.
    The #2 NBA JAM marquee demo was the NBA's choice.  No trademark or
    registration is needed for marquee or side cabinet according to the NBA!
    We need to get Greg F. into the loop to continue development of these
    pieces of art.  At what point do we need to gain further approval from
    the NBA?

2.  John Newcomer starts vacation today.  Returns 9/28/92.  He will hand off
    some VDA type images today.  These will be the first images we have seen.
    John estimates that on 10/5/92 he will be able to hand off the remainder
    of the images.

    We have been touching up, chopping heads, and setting second & third
    animation points on the Willie images since 8/3/92.  That process is not
    yet complete.  It has taken twice as long as we had originally estimated.

    The John Newcomer images will require the same amount (Possibly even
    more if some images haven't been scaled properly - we won't know until we
    see some images) of work to "complete".  Six weeks of additional work
    is a realistic estimate.  Can John N. continue working on these images,
    possibly splitting the work with John Carlton?  If just John C. has to
    work on these images, the work would continue through most of November!

3.  Mark Turmell on vacation today.

4.  Shawn at work today.  Does he need to work with the hardware guys?  How
    is the T-unit working?  Cary is also going to fix the hardware bug
    which messes up the top scan line.  We need to do a memory usage analysis
    after the 3 programmers merge next week.  How much IROM do we have left?
    Enough to mask now?

5.  Jamie working on Initials/Team select screens.

6.  We would still like to acquire the rights to the Queen song "We will
    rock you".  This is a tune which will be heard during game play.  I
    believe the cost was $1 a game.  Wally, can you help us lobby for this
    tune.  Bottom line, what is managements final decision on this?

7.  Sound/music work did not start on 9/1 as scheduled.  When will it start?
    Is Jon Hey ready?

8.  Tony working on heads.  Sal and John C. to work on heads when other stuff
    is done.

9.  We want a 31 inch monitor in a cabinet!  Ken was the one who started
    this!  If we want this as an option, Maybe Wally needs to get all the
    design teams together to discuss what they want to do with the cabinet.
    How de we cut it up, how far away is the control panel, can artwork
    adjust to this cabinet, etc.  Wally, can you help make this happen?  Other
    teams will need to deal with the same issues just as soon as they get to
    this point!

10. Schedule for Jamie and Mark to get T-units?



